passion fruit or passion fruit is a
Fruit native to Central America Brazil
is possibly the biggest producer
followed by colombia venezuela there are all
Central America is also produced in
Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa and
Australia
throwing a lot of imagination the beautiful
This tropical fruit flower would look
contain the elements that were used in
the crucifixion of jesus the cross the
nails and hammer
besides one of its varieties the call
purple passion fruit presents a
violet purple brown very own
of the Christian holy week the shell
is smooth and rough to the mature when
fruit its pulp is viscous gelatinous
yellow color and slightly flavored
very aromatic acid is full of
hard and crisp colored seeds
black nutritive properties water is
Its main component contains a
high amount of carbohydrates per
what its caloric value is very high
It should be noted its content
provitamin vitamin c with respect to
minerals its contribution of potassium phosphorus and
magnesium
the yellow variety is richer in
minerals and in pro vitamin that the
abode also contains a quantity
elevated fiber that improves traffic
intestinal and reduces the risk of certain
alterations and diseases the
provitamin to beta-carotene is transformed
in vitamin in our body
as he needs it properties
Health is a sweet fruit
refreshing and easy to consume rich in
substances of antioxidant action reason
whereby its consumption is adequate
also taking into account their
nutritive properties for all the
population children and young adults
athletes pregnant women or mothers
infants and seniors
for its contribution of pro vitamin e vitamin
c its consumption is recommended especially
those who have a higher risk of
suffer deficiencies of said vitamins
people who can not tolerate citrus
for those who must carry out a
diet low in fat and therefore with a
insufficient content of vitamin or for
people whose nutritional needs
the vitamins a and c are increased
as antioxidants help reduce
the risk of multiple diseases
including cardiovascular the
degenerative and even cancer the
Vitamin C increases the absorption of
iron so it improves anemia
ferropenic its high fiber content
it gives laxative properties the
fiber prevents or improves constipation
helps reduce the rates of
blood cholesterol and good control
of blood glucose levels in
blood in people who have
diabetes
exerts a satiating effect what
it benefits the people who carry
on a diet to lose weight taking
consider the amount to consume your
potassium content should have it in
account the people who suffer from
kidney failure and that require
special diets controlled in this
mineral however who take
diuretics that eliminate potassium and
people with bulimia will benefit from
its consumption since in these fruits it abounds
said mineral how to choose it and
keep it available from
October through April although its best
season is in winter the fruit of the
passion has a smooth skin that
wrinkle after buying it what
indicates that she is mature and has suffered
a small loss of moisture
Wrinkled fruits should be consumed with the
more brevity
tricks to cook with passion fruit
most of the production of the fruit
passion or passion fruit is dedicated to the
juice processing although they are also
gaining popularity as dessert the pulp
gelatinous is taken with the help of a
spoon using the peel as
container is somewhat uncomfortable to separate
the seeds of the pulp in the mouth to
get your game filtering the pulp
using a colander and then beating
with blender serves as a complement to
give a note of exotic flavor in juices
ice cream macedonia sorbet
creams and various types of desserts
thank you very much for having seen this
video share remember this video
it only has informative character for more
information consult with the professional
from your city give me a like subscribe
to my channel and do not forget to visit my website
www.lan.com